OSDOCS-5815: OSD/ROSA BYO-VPC document DHCP option requirements (#91668)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-shared-vpc-config.adoc

include::modules/rosa-sharing-vpc-dns-and-roles.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/rosa-sharing-vpc-hosted-zones.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/rosa-sharing-vpc-cluster-creation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="troubleshooting_shared-vpc_vpc-creation"]
== Troubleshooting

If your cluster fails to install, check these common troubleshooting issues:

> * Make sure you included a domain name.
> * Make sure the domain name does not include any spaces or capital letters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make sure your DHCP option set includes a domain name, and ensure that domain name does not include any spaces or capital letters.
```
You might also consider linking "DHCP option set" to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_DHCP_Options.html

> * Make sure the custom DNS server is able to resolve the R53 private hosted zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your VPC uses a custom DNS resolver (i.e., your DHCP option set's "domain name servers" field is set to something other than "AmazonProvidedDNS"), make sure it is able to properly resolve the private hosted zones configured in Route53.
```
